label,sms
spam,UR GOING 2 BAHAMAS! CallFREEFONE 08081560665 and speak to a live operator to claim either Bahamas cruise of£2000 CASH 18+only. To opt out txt X to 07786200117
ham,"Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose."
ham,Tomarrow i want to got to court. At  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . So you come to bus stand at 9.
ham,"The world is running and i am still.maybe all are feeling the same,so be it.or i have to admit,i am mad.then where is the correction?or let me call this is life.and keep running with the world,may be u r also running.lets run."
ham,Are you this much buzy
ham,Ok anyway no need to change with what you said
ham,Hey no I ad a crap nite was borin without ya 2 boggy with me u boring biatch! Thanx but u wait til nxt time il ave ya 
spam,RECPT 1/3. You have ordered a Ringtone. Your order is being processed...
ham,She ran off with a younger man. we will make pretty babies together :)
ham,What not under standing.
ham,"I guess that's why you re worried. You must know that there's a way the body repairs itself. And i'm quite sure you shouldn't worry. We'll take it slow. First the tests, they will guide when your ovulation is then just relax. Nothing you've said is a reason to worry but i.ll keep on followin you up."
spam,No. 1 Nokia Tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt NOK to 87021. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info
ham,Or ü go buy wif him then i meet ü later can?
ham,I keep ten rs in my shelf:) buy two egg.
ham,Hey tmr maybe can meet you at yck
ham,Yeah I don't see why not
ham,"Yes..but they said its IT.,"
ham,Did u find out what time the bus is at coz i need to sort some stuff out.
ham,"Well, I have to leave for my class babe ... You never came back to me ... :-( ... Hope you have a nice sleep, my love"
ham,"Frnd s not juz a word.....not merely a relationship.....its a silent promise which says ... "" I will be with YOU "" Wherevr.. Whenevr.. Forevr... Gudnyt dear.."
ham,Ok u can take me shopping when u get paid =D
ham,I meant as an apology from me for texting you to get me drugs at  &lt;#&gt; at night
ham,Y she dun believe leh? I tot i told her it's true already. I thk she muz c us tog then she believe.
spam,"U can WIN £100 of Music Gift Vouchers every week starting NOW Txt the word DRAW to 87066 TsCs www.Idew.com SkillGame, 1Winaweek, age16. 150ppermessSubscription"
ham,"Call me, i am senthil from hsbc."
ham,"sorry, no, have got few things to do. may be in pub later."
ham,You will go to walmart. I.ll stay.
ham,"""SHIT BABE.. THASA BIT MESSED UP.YEH, SHE SHUDVETOLD U. DID URGRAN KNOW?NEWAY, ILLSPEAK 2 U2MORO WEN IM NOT ASLEEP..."""
ham,In work now. Going have in few min.
ham,I want to tell you how bad I feel that basically the only times I text you lately are when I need drugs
ham,"Dizzamn, aight I'll ask my suitemates when I get back"
ham,Got it. Seventeen pounds for seven hundred ml – hope ok.
ham,I wish u were here. I feel so alone
ham,It is only yesterday true true.
ham,I remain unconvinced that this isn't an elaborate test of my willpower
ham,I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
ham,Where did u go? My phone is gonna die you have to stay in here
ham,"Maybe westshore or hyde park village, the place near my house?"
ham,I'm going 4 lunch now wif my family then aft dat i go str 2 orchard lor.
spam,WOW! The Boys R Back. TAKE THAT 2007 UK Tour. Win VIP Tickets & pre-book with VIP Club. Txt CLUB to 81303. Trackmarque Ltd info@vipclub4u.
spam,Update_Now - 12Mths Half Price Orange line rental: 400mins...Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout=J5Q
ham,S.i'm watching it in live..
ham,NOT MUCH NO FIGHTS. IT WAS A GOOD NITE!!
ham,"Well imma definitely need to restock before thanksgiving, I'll let you know when I'm out"
ham,Where is it. Is there any opening for mca.
ham,I accidentally deleted the message. Resend please.
ham,Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
spam,URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09058094507 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only
ham,"Aight text me when you're back at mu and I'll swing by, need somebody to get the door for me"
ham,Fyi I'm gonna call you sporadically starting at like  &lt;#&gt;  bc we are not not doin this shit
ham,Hey pple...$700 or $900 for 5 nights...Excellent location wif breakfast hamper!!!
spam,Email AlertFrom: Jeri StewartSize: 2KBSubject: Low-cost prescripiton drvgsTo listen to email call 123
ham,Only 2% students solved this CAT question in 'xam... 5+3+2= &lt;#&gt;  9+2+4= &lt;#&gt;  8+6+3= &lt;#&gt;  then 7+2+5=????? Tell me the answer if u r brilliant...1thing.i got d answr.
ham,"OH MR SHEFFIELD! You wanna play THAT game, okay. You're the boss and I'm the nanny. You give me a raise and I'll give YOU one!!"
ham,Leave it. U will always be ignorant.
ham,CHEERS LOU! YEAH WAS A GOODNITE SHAME U NEVA CAME! C YA GAILxx
ham,Cancel cheyyamo?and get some money back?
ham,"I'm in a meeting, call me later at"
ham,I'm on da bus going home...
ham,I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham,You will be in the place of that man
ham,Today my system sh get ready.all is well and i am also in the deep well
ham,Great. Hope you are using your connections from mode men also cos you can never know why old friends can lead you to today
ham,Wat u doing there?
ham,Love has one law; Make happy the person you love. In the same way friendship has one law; Never make ur friend feel alone until you are alive.... Gud night
ham,Haven't heard anything and he's not answering my texts so I'm guessing he flaked. That said the jb is fantastic
spam,"Double Mins & 1000 txts on Orange tariffs. Latest Motorola, SonyEricsson & Nokia with Bluetooth FREE! Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/HF8"
ham,"* Was really good to see you the other day dudette, been missing you!"
ham,hi my darlin im on my way to London and we have just been smashed into by another driver! and have a big dent! im really missing u what have u been up to? xxx
ham,Still chance there. If you search hard you will get it..let have a try :)
ham,Cps is causing the outages to conserve energy.
ham,I'm meeting Darren...
ham,Where in abj are you serving. Are you staying with dad or alone.
ham,Congrats. That's great. I wanted to tell you not to tell me your score cos it might make me relax. But its motivating me so thanks for sharing
ham,"I'll get there at 3, unless you guys want me to come some time sooner"
ham,Nothing will ever be easy. But don't be looking for a reason not to take a risk on life and love
ham,You best watch what you say cause I get drunk as a motherfucker
ham,"When people see my msgs, They think Iam addicted to msging... They are wrong, Bcoz They don\'t know that Iam addicted to my sweet Friends..!! BSLVYL"
spam,WIN a £200 Shopping spree every WEEK Starting NOW. 2 play text STORE to 88039. SkilGme. TsCs08714740323 1Winawk! age16 £1.50perweeksub.
ham,"I got like $ &lt;#&gt; , I can get some more later though. Get whatever you feel like"
spam,Thanks 4 your continued support Your question this week will enter u in2 our draw 4 £100 cash. Name the NEW US President? txt ans to 80082
ham,Your daily text from me – a favour this time
ham,Did you get any gift? This year i didnt get anything. So bad
ham,"Sorry, I guess whenever I can get a hold of my connections, maybe an hour or two? I'll text you"
ham,Call me when you get the chance plz &lt;3
ham,Am slow in using biola's fne
spam,"Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant guess who? CALL 09058095107 NOW all will be revealed. POBox 7, S3XY 150p "
ham,Well keep in mind I've only got enough gas for one more round trip barring a sudden influx of cash
ham,"Also sir, i sent you an email about how to log into the usc payment portal. I.ll send you another message that should explain how things are back home. Have a great weekend."
ham,We have pizza if u want
ham,Sorry i din lock my keypad.
ham,Are u coming to the funeral home
spam,"You are being contacted by our dating service by someone you know! To find out who it is, call from a land line 09050000878. PoBox45W2TG150P"
ham,Keep yourself safe for me because I need you and I miss you already and I envy everyone that see's you in real life
spam,"URGENT! You have won a 1 week FREE membership in our £100,000 Prize Jackpot! Txt the word: CLAIM to No: 81010 T&C www.dbuk.net LCCLTD POBOX 4403LDNW1A7RW18"
ham,You didnt complete your gist oh.
ham,How many times i told in the stage all use to laugh. You not listen aha.
ham,"Mostly sports type..lyk footbl,crckt.."
ham,"""Aww you must be nearly dead!Well Jez isComing over toDo some workAnd that whillTake forever!"""
ham,I wont do anything de.
ham,When can ü come out?
ham,"wow. You're right! I didn't mean to do that. I guess once i gave up on boston men and changed my search location to nyc, something changed. Cuz on my signin page it still says boston."
ham,Ok but knackered. Just came home and went to sleep! Not good at this full time work lark.
ham,"He is impossible to argue with and he always treats me like his sub, like he never released me ... Which he did and I will remind him of that if necessary"
spam,Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
ham,Just normal only here :)
ham,"see you then, we're all christmassy here!"
ham,Oh ok.. Wat's ur email?
ham,"Hi , where are you? We're at  and they're not keen to go out i kind of am but feel i shouldn't so can we go out tomo, don't mind do you?"
ham,Give one miss from that number please
ham,The length is e same but e top shorter n i got a fringe now. I thk i'm not going liao. Too lazy. Dun wan 2 distract u also.
ham,Enjoy ur life. . Good night
ham,So do you have samus shoulders yet
ham,I will be gentle baby! Soon you will be taking all  &lt;#&gt;  inches deep inside your tight pussy...
spam,"Thanks for your ringtone order, reference number X29. Your mobile will be charged 4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services 09065989180"
spam,8007 25p 4 Alfie Moon's Children in Need song on ur mob. Tell ur m8s. Txt TONE CHARITY to 8007 for nokias or POLY CHARITY for polys :zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity 
ham,Oh ic. I thought you meant mary jane.
ham,Try neva mate!!
ham,"Just got part Nottingham - 3 hrs 63miles. Good thing i love my man so much, but only doing 40mph. Hey ho"
ham,I got a call from a landline number. . . I am asked to come to anna nagar . . . I will go in the afternoon
ham,Hi..i got the money da:)
ham,Mathews or tait or edwards or anderson
ham,So can collect ur laptop?
ham,I love you both too :-)
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
spam,"Hi babe its Chloe, how r u? I was smashed on saturday night, it was great! How was your weekend? U been missing me? SP visionsms.com Text stop to stop 150p/text"
ham,Is fujitsu s series lifebook good?
ham,"Mmmmm ... I loved waking to your words this morning ! I miss you too, my Love. I hope your day goes well and you are happy. I wait for us to be together again"
ham,Okay same with me. Well thanks for the clarification
ham,Just got to  &lt;#&gt;
ham,Have a nice day my dear.
ham,We stopped to get ice cream and will go back after
ham,"HELLOGORGEOUS, HOWS U? MY FONE WAS ON CHARGE LST NITW WEN U TEXD ME. HOPEU AD A NICE WKEND AS IM SURE U DID LOOKIN 4WARD 2 C-IN U 2MRW LUV JAZ"
ham,Beauty sleep can help ur pimples too.
ham,The world's most happiest frnds never have the same characters... Dey just have the best understanding of their differences...
ham,"No! But we found a diff farm shop to buy some cheese. On way back now, can i call in?"
ham,"Hi, Mobile no.  &lt;#&gt;  has added you in their contact list on www.fullonsms.com It s a great place to send free sms to people For more visit fullonsms.com"
ham,"Haha I heard that, text me when you're around"
ham,But if she.s drinkin i'm ok.
ham,Dear i have reache room
ham,"Evry Emotion dsn't hav Words.Evry Wish dsn't hav Prayrs.. If u Smile,D World is wit u.Othrwise even d Drop of Tear dsn't lik 2 Stay wit u.So b happy.. Good morning, keep smiling:-)"
ham,Never blame a day in ur life. Good days give u happiness. Bad days give u experience. Both are essential in life! All are Gods blessings! good morning.:
ham,Thats cool. I want to please you...
ham,Fine. Do you remember me.
ham,Lol no. I just need to cash in my nitros. Hurry come on before I crash out!
ham,Thanks for picking up the trash.
spam,"Want to funk up ur fone with a weekly new tone reply TONES2U 2 this text. www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. Tones 3GBP network operator rates apply"
ham,What's the significance?
ham,Theyre doing it to lots of places. Only hospitals and medical places are safe.
ham,Keep my payasam there if rinu brings
spam,Todays Vodafone numbers ending with 4882 are selected to a receive a £350 award. If your number matches call 09064019014 to receive your £350 award.
ham,From 5 to 2 only my work timing.
ham,"Just looked it up and addie goes back Monday, sucks to be her"
ham,No go. No openings for that room 'til after thanksgiving without an upcharge.
spam,YOU ARE CHOSEN TO RECEIVE A £350 AWARD! Pls call claim number 09066364311 to collect your award which you are selected to receive as a valued mobile customer.
ham,At what time are you coming.
ham,At home also.
ham,No but the bluray player can
spam,"Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, StarWars3, etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. Dont miss out!"
ham,"I shall book chez jules for half eight, if that's ok with you?"
ham,"Hey...Great deal...Farm tour 9am to 5pm $95/pax, $50 deposit by 16 May"
ham,What time is ur flight tmr?
ham,All will come alive.better correct any good looking figure there itself..
ham,"Plz note: if anyone calling from a mobile Co. &amp; asks u to type # &lt;#&gt;  or # &lt;#&gt; . Do not do so. Disconnect the call,coz it iz an attempt of 'terrorist' to make use of the sim card no. Itz confirmd by nokia n motorola n has been verified by CNN IBN."
ham,Thanx 4 sending me home...
ham,Sorry da. I gone mad so many pending works what to do.
ham,Glad it went well :) come over at 11 then we'll have plenty of time before claire goes to work.
spam,network operator. The service is free. For T & C's visit 80488.biz
ham,Nope wif my sis lor... Aft bathing my dog then i can bathe... Looks like it's going 2 rain soon.
ham,Now only i reached home. . . I am very tired now. . I will come tomorro
ham,Watching tv lor...
ham,Am not working but am up to eyes in philosophy so will text u later when a bit more free for chat...
ham,They don't put that stuff on the roads to keep it from getting slippery over there?
ham,"Yo, any way we could pick something up tonight?"
ham,Jus finish my lunch on my way home lor... I tot u dun wan 2 stay in sch today...
ham,Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
ham,I know girls always safe and selfish know i got it pa. Thank you. good night.
spam,wamma get laid?want real doggin locations sent direct to your mobile? join the UKs largest dogging network. txt dogs to 69696 now!nyt. ec2a. 3lp £1.50/msg.
ham,Yun buying... But school got offer 2000 plus only...
ham,I come n pick ü up... Come out immediately aft ur lesson...
ham,Yup but it's not giving me problems now so mayb i'll jus leave it...
ham,No..but heard abt tat..
ham,The monthly amount is not that terrible and you will not pay anything till 6months after finishing school.
ham,Is there coming friday is leave for pongal?do you get any news from your work place.
ham,"I thought i'd get him a watch, just cos thats the kind of thing u get4an18th. And he loves so much!"
ham,"Hi the way I was with u 2day, is the normal way&this is the real me. UR unique&I hope I know u 4 the rest of mylife. Hope u find wot was lost."
ham,From here after The performance award is calculated every two month.not for current one month period..
spam,WIN a year supply of CDs 4 a store of ur choice worth £500 & enter our £100 Weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 Ts&Cs www.Ldew.com.subs16+1win150ppmx3
ham,Ya:)going for restaurant..
ham,Y dun cut too short leh. U dun like ah? She failed. She's quite sad.
ham,"Brainless Baby Doll..:-D;-), vehicle sariyag drive madoke barolla.."
ham,Do we have any spare power supplies
spam,<Forwarded from 21870000>Hi - this is your Mailbox Messaging SMS alert. You have 40 matches. Please call back on 09056242159 to retrieve your messages and matches cc100p/min
ham,Yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
ham,Genius what's up. How your brother. Pls send his number to my skype.
ham,Yup... How ü noe leh...
ham,"Nt only for driving even for many reasons she is called BBD..thts it chikku, then hw abt dvg cold..heard tht vinobanagar violence hw is the condition..and hw ru ? Any problem?"
ham,Let me know how it changes in the next 6hrs. It can even be appendix but you are out of that age range. However its not impossible. So just chill and let me know in 6hrs
ham,"Abeg, make profit. But its a start. Are you using it to get sponsors for the next event?"
ham,Studying. But i.ll be free next weekend.
ham,Should I be stalking u?
ham,Does uncle timi help in clearing cars
ham,How much it will cost approx . Per month.
ham,Well there's a pattern emerging of my friends telling me to drive up and come smoke with them and then telling me that I'm a weed fiend/make them smoke too much/impede their doing other things so you see how I'm hesitant
ham,"Sir, i am waiting for your call."
ham,It means u could not keep ur words.
ham,My trip was ok but quite tiring lor. Uni starts today but it's ok 4 me cos i'm not taking any modules but jus concentrating on my final yr project.
ham,Oh really?? Did you make it on air? What's your talent?
ham,As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
ham,Can... I'm free...
ham,Haha i think i did too
ham,yeah sure thing mate haunt got all my stuff sorted but im going sound anyway promoting hex for .by the way who is this? dont know number. Joke
ham,"Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish. As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there. She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife, My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!"
ham,I was slept that time.you there?
ham,No da. I am happy that we sit together na
ham,Hello darlin ive finished college now so txt me when u finish if u can love Kate xxx
spam,Gr8 new service - live sex video chat on your mob - see the sexiest dirtiest girls live on ur phone - 4 details text horny to 89070 to cancel send STOP to 89070
ham,"I can't right this second, gotta hit people up first"
ham,Book which lesson? then you msg me... I will call up after work or sth... I'm going to get specs. My membership is PX3748
ham,Havent still waitin as usual... Ü come back sch oredi?
ham,"Gud gud..k, chikku tke care.. sleep well gud nyt"
ham,"Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say ""HELLO"" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? ""Margaret Hello"" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person, bt not his girlfrnd... G o o d n i g h t . . .@"
ham,", how's things? Just a quick question."
ham,Please tell me you have some of that special stock you were talking about
ham,Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.
ham,"My mobile number.pls sms ur mail id.convey regards to achan,amma.Rakhesh.Qatar"
ham,"""Im at arestaurant eating squid! i will be out about 10:30 wanna dosomething or is that to late?"""
ham, gonna let me know cos comes bak from holiday that day.  is coming. Don't4get2text me  number. 
ham,Pandy joined 4w technologies today.he got job..
ham,They did't play one day last year know even though they have very good team.. Like india.
ham,Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
ham,"Sir, Waiting for your mail."
ham,Printer is cool. I mean groovy. Wine is groovying
ham,I always chat with you. In fact i need money can you raise me?
ham,"We know TAJ MAHAL as symbol of love. But the other lesser known facts 1. Mumtaz was Shahjahan's 4th wife, out of his 7 wifes. 2. Shahjahan killed Mumtaz's husband to marry her. 3. Mumtaz died in her  &lt;#&gt; th delivery. 4. He then married Mumtaz's sister. Question arises where the Hell is the LOVE?:-| -The Great Hari-"
ham,"Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed &amp; Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)"
ham,This pay is  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  lakhs:)
ham,Sorry da..today i wont come to play..i have driving clas..
ham,I don't think he has spatula hands!
ham,The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart....gn tc
ham,Shant disturb u anymore... Jia you...
ham,Me hungry buy some food good lei... But mum n yun dun wan juz buy a little bit... 
ham,I don't know but I'm raping dudes at poker
ham,"Thk shld b can... Ya, i wana go 4 lessons... Haha, can go for one whole stretch..."
ham,Change again... It's e one next to escalator...
ham,"Good afternoon loverboy ! How goes you day ? Any luck come your way? I think of you, sweetie and send my love across the sea to make you smile and happy"
ham,I hope your pee burns tonite.
ham,Are you ok. What happen to behave like this
ham,"No worries, hope photo shoot went well. have a spiffing fun at workage. "
ham,I asked you to call him now ok
ham,U don't know how stubborn I am. I didn't even want to go to the hospital. I kept telling Mark I'm not a weak sucker. Hospitals are for weak suckers.
ham,Yo you around? A friend of mine's lookin to pick up later tonight
ham,Me sef dey laugh you. Meanwhile how's my darling anjie!
spam,Want a new Video Phone? 750 anytime any network mins? Half price line rental free text for 3 months? Reply or call 08000930705 for free delivery
ham,For me the love should start with attraction.i should feel that I need her every time around me.she should be the first thing which comes in my thoughts.I would start the day and end it with her.she should be there every time I dream.love will be then when my every breath has her name.my life should happen around her.my life will be named to her.I would cry for her.will give all my happiness and take all her sorrows.I will be ready to fight with anyone for her.I will be in love when I will be doing the craziest things for her.love will be when I don't have to proove anyone that my girl is the most beautiful lady on the whole planet.I will always be singing praises for her.love will be when I start up making chicken curry and end up makiing sambar.life will be the most beautiful then.will get every morning and thank god for the day because she is with me.I would like to say a lot..will tell later..
ham,"Yeah there's barely enough room for the two of us, x has too many fucking shoes. Sorry man, see you later"
ham,Reading gud habit.. Nan bari hudgi yorge pataistha ertini kano:-)
spam,Double your mins & txts on Orange or 1/2 price linerental - Motorola and SonyEricsson with B/Tooth FREE-Nokia FREE Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or2optout/HV9D
ham,Still i have not checked it da. . .
ham,Prepare to be pleasured :)
ham,Okie
ham,Hahaha..use your brain dear
ham,Ok i msg u b4 i leave my house.
ham,Mom wants to know where you at
ham,Sounds like something that someone testing me would sayy
ham,"Hiya , have u been paying money into my account? If so, thanks. Got a pleasant surprise when i checked my balance -u c, i don't get statements 4 that acc"
ham,Dude just saw a parked car with its sunroof popped up. Sux
ham,I am late. I will be there at
ham,Unfortunately i've just found out that we have to pick my sister up from the airport that evening so don't think i'll be going out at all. We should try to go out one of th
ham,Wah lucky man... Then can save money... Hee...
ham,Yup i shd haf ard 10 pages if i add figures... Ü all got how many pages?
ham,"He has lots of used ones babe, but the model doesn't help. Youi have to bring it over and he'll match it up"
ham,Onum ela pa. Normal than.
ham,happened here while you were adventuring
ham,Ok lor. Anyway i thk we cant get tickets now cos like quite late already. U wan 2 go look 4 ur frens a not? Darren is wif them now...
ham,"Dear Sir,Salam Alaikkum.Pride and Pleasure meeting you today at the Tea Shop.We are pleased to send you our contact number at Qatar.Rakhesh an Indian.Pls save our Number.Respectful Regards."
ham,K..k.:)congratulation ..
ham,Ok no prob... I'll come after lunch then...
ham,I went to ur hon lab but no one is there.
ham,Wat time ü wan today?
ham,We not watching movie already. Xy wants 2 shop so i'm shopping w her now.
ham,hanks lotsly!
ham,Come to medical college at 7pm ......forward it da
ham,I'm not sure if its still available though
spam,Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days.
ham,Lol I have to take it. member how I said my aunt flow didn't visit for 6 months? It's cause I developed ovarian cysts. Bc is the only way to shrink them.
ham,"Nothing really, just making sure everybody's up to speed"
ham,I am joining today formally.Pls keep praying.will talk later.
spam,Had your mobile 11 months or more? U R entitled to Update to the latest colour mobiles with camera for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986030
ham,"As usual..iam fine, happy &amp; doing well..:)"
spam,URGENT This is our 2nd attempt to contact U. Your £900 prize from YESTERDAY is still awaiting collection. To claim CALL NOW 09061702893
ham,Ah poop. Looks like ill prob have to send in my laptop to get fixed cuz it has a gpu problem
ham,Is ur changes 2 da report big? Cos i've already made changes 2 da previous report.
ham,"The guy at the car shop who was flirting with me got my phone number from the paperwork and called and texted me. I'm nervous because of course now he may have my address. Should i call his boss and tell him, knowing this may get him fired?"
spam,Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr to 82277. £1.50 SP:Tyrone
ham,Jason says it's cool if we pick some up from his place in like an hour
ham,make that 3! 4 fucks sake?! x
ham,Be sure to check your yahoo email. We sent photos yesterday
ham,Msgs r not time pass.They silently say that I am thinking of U right now and also making U think of me at least 4 a moment. Gd nt.swt drms @Shesil
ham,I dont want to hear anything
ham,Dude how do you like the buff wind.
spam,"Had your contract mobile 11 Mnths? Latest Motorola, Nokia etc. all FREE! Double Mins & Text on Orange tariffs. TEXT YES for callback, no to remove from records."
ham,"Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy! This is the message i sent days ago"
ham,Then any special there?
ham,aathi..where are you dear..
ham,"Er yeah, i will b there at 15:26, sorry! Just tell me which pub/cafe to sit in and come wen u can"
ham,YO YO YO BYATCH WHASSUP?
ham,How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day
ham,"I get out of class in bsn in like  &lt;#&gt;  minutes, you know where advising is?"
ham,I dunno lei... Like dun haf...
spam,Free Top ringtone -sub to weekly ringtone-get 1st week free-send SUBPOLY to 81618-?3 per week-stop sms-08718727870
ham,"Playin space poker, u?"
ham,This weekend is fine (an excuse not to do too much decorating)
ham,watever reLation u built up in dis world only thing which remains atlast iz lonlines with lotz n lot memories! feeling..
ham,For fear of fainting with the of all that housework you just did? Quick have a cuppa
ham,i want to grasp your pretty booty :)
ham,Which channel:-):-):):-).
ham,No one interested. May be some business plan.
ham,"Gosh that , what a pain. Spose I better come then."
ham,How come i din c ü... Yup i cut my hair...
ham,No * am working on the ringing u thing but have whole houseful of screaming brats so * am pulling my hair out! Loving u
ham,X course it 2yrs. Just so her messages on messenger lik you r sending me
spam,Get the official ENGLAND poly ringtone or colour flag on yer mobile for tonights game! Text TONE or FLAG to 84199. Optout txt ENG STOP Box39822 W111WX £1.50
ham,Hey r ü still online? I've finished the formatting...
ham,"Come to mu, we're sorting out our narcotics situation"
ham,No problem with the renewal. I.ll do it right away but i dont know his details.
ham,have * good weekend.
ham,Yes! How is a pretty lady like you single?
ham,I was wondering if it would be okay for you to call uncle john and let him know that things are not the same in nigeria as they r here. That  &lt;#&gt;  dollars is 2years sent and that you know its a strain but i plan to pay back every dime he gives. Every dime so for me to expect anything from you is not practical. Something like that.
ham,I am in tirupur.  call you da.
ham,He's really into skateboarding now despite the fact that he gets thrown off of it and winds up with bandages and shit all over his arms every five minutes
ham,Ok lar i double check wif da hair dresser already he said wun cut v short. He said will cut until i look nice.
ham,HI ITS JESS I DONT KNOW IF YOU ARE AT WORK BUT CALL ME WHEN U CAN IM AT HOME ALL EVE. XXX
ham,I'm always looking for an excuse to be in the city.
ham,Are you still playing with gautham?
ham,"Hmmm ... And imagine after you've come home from that having to rub my feet, make me dinner and help me get ready for my date ! Are you sure your ready for that kind of life ?"
ham,I anything lor.
ham,Pls come quick cant bare this.
ham,"Lemme know when I can swing by and pick up, I'm free basically any time after 1 all this semester"
ham,No wonder... Cos i dun rem seeing a silver car... But i thk i saw a black one...
ham,Ok...
ham,Why did I wake up on my own &gt;:(
ham,That was random saw my old roomate on campus. He graduated
ham,say thanks2. 
ham,IM FINE BABES AINT BEEN UP 2 MUCH THO! SAW SCARY MOVIE YEST ITS QUITE FUNNY! WANT 2MRW AFTERNOON? AT TOWN OR MALL OR SUMTHIN?xx
ham,Thanks for ve lovely wisheds. You rock
ham,K.then any other special?
ham,"Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it..."
ham,"My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!"
ham,As in i want custom officer discount oh.
ham,"She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,"
ham,"Pete,is this your phone still? Its Jenny from college and Leanne.what are you up to now?:)"
ham,I'm hungry buy smth home...
ham,Hai priya are you right. What doctor said pa. Where are you.
ham,When i have stuff to sell i.ll tell you
ham,What time you coming down later? 
ham,"I just got home babe, are you still awake ?"
ham,"That's fine, I'll bitch at you about it later then"
ham,My slave! I want you to take 2 or 3 pictures of yourself today in bright light on your cell phone! Bright light!
ham,Badrith is only for chennai:)i will surely pick for us:)no competition for him.
ham,Some are lasting as much as 2 hours. You might get lucky.
spam,Send a logo 2 ur lover - 2 names joined by a heart. Txt LOVE NAME1 NAME2 MOBNO eg LOVE ADAM EVE 07123456789 to 87077 Yahoo! POBox36504W45WQ TxtNO 4 no ads 150p.
ham,If you still havent collected the dough pls let me know so i can go to the place i sent it to get the control number
ham,You still around? I could use a half-8th
ham,"That's cool he'll be here all night, lemme know when you're around"
ham,i am going to bed now prin
ham,Ok.
ham,"Yo, you around? Just got my car back"
spam,Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL 09058091854 NOW all will be revealed. PO BOX385 M6 6WU
ham,"Are you sure you don't mean ""get here, we made you hold all the weed"""
ham,Ya that one is slow as poo
spam,This msg is for your mobile content order It has been resent as previous attempt failed due to network error Queries to customersqueries@netvision.uk.com
ham,Lol alright i was thinkin that too haha
ham,"Yeah I think my usual guy's still passed out from last night, if you get ahold of anybody let me know and I'll throw down"
ham,I HAVE A DATE ON SUNDAY WITH WILL!!
ham,"How long has it been since you screamed, princess?"
ham,Another month. I need chocolate weed and alcohol.
ham,"K so am I, how much for an 8th? Fifty?"
ham,"Hiya, sorry didn't hav signal. I haven't seen or heard from and neither has, which is unusual in itself! I'll put on the case and get him to sort it out! Hugs and snogs."
ham,Yup i thk they r e teacher said that will make my face look longer. Darren ask me not 2 cut too short.
ham,Pls pls find out from aunt nike.
ham,"Im sorry bout last nite it wasnt ur fault it was me, spouse it was pmt or sumthin! U 4give me? I think u shldxxxx"
ham,So i'm doing a list of buyers.
ham,I'm very happy for you babe ! Woo hoo party on dude!
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later in meeting"
ham,Were trying to find a Chinese food place around here
ham,No de.am seeing in online shop so that i asked.
ham,Ok i shall talk to him
ham,:-( that's not v romantic!
ham,"Ok. Can be later showing around 8-8:30 if you want + cld have drink before. Wld prefer not to spend money on nosh if you don't mind, as doing that nxt wk."
ham,Am i that much dirty fellow?
ham,After completed degree. There is no use in joining finance.
ham,That means get the door
ham,"Shit that is really shocking and scary, cant imagine for a second. Def up for night out. Do u think there is somewhere i could crash for night, save on taxi?"
ham,"Oh! Shit, I thought that was your trip! Loooooool ... That just makes SO much more sense now ... *grins* and the sofa reference was ... The ""sleep on a couch"" link you sent me ... Wasn't that how you went on your trip ? Oh ... And didn't your babe go with you for that celebration with your rents?"
ham,"Goodmorning, today i am late for 1hr."
ham,O shore are you takin the bus
ham,My stomach has been thru so much trauma I swear I just can't eat. I better lose weight.
ham,That sucks. I'll go over so u can do my hair. You'll do it free right?
ham,Y de asking like this.
ham,Do u still have plumbers tape and a wrench we could borrow?
spam,Call Germany for only 1 pence per minute! Call from a fixed line via access number 0844 861 85 85. No prepayment. Direct access! www.telediscount.co.uk
ham,i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
ham,"I'm in solihull, | do you want anything?"
ham,Can you say what happen
ham,What he said is not the matter. My mind saying some other matter is there.
ham,Come to my home for one last time i wont do anything. Trust me.
ham,Ok. So april. Cant wait
ham,"""AH POOR BABY!HOPE URFEELING BETTERSN LUV! PROBTHAT OVERDOSE OF WORK HEY GO CAREFUL SPK 2 U SN LOTS OF LOVEJEN XXX."""
ham,Sitting ard nothing to do lor. U leh busy w work?
spam,"Thanks for your ringtone order, ref number R836. Your mobile will be charged £4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services on 09065069154"
ham,Ok...
ham,What's nannys address?
ham,I had a good time too. Its nice to do something a bit different with my weekends for a change. See ya soon
ham,oh ya... Got hip hop open. Haha i was thinking can go for jazz then zoom to cine... Actually tonight i'm free leh... And there's a kb lesson tonight
ham,Dont let studying stress you out. L8r.
ham,Think I could stop by in like an hour or so? My roommate's looking to stock up for a trip
ham,Your brother is a genius
ham,Okie.. Thanx..
ham,He is a womdarfull actor
ham,HI ITS KATE CAN U GIVE ME A RING ASAP XXX
ham,What should i eat fo lunch senor
ham,"""Hey sorry I didntgive ya a a bellearlier hunny,just been in bedbut mite go 2 thepub l8tr if uwana mt up?loads a luv Jenxxx."""
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Right it wasnt you who phoned it was someone with a number like yours!
ham,Congrats ! Treat pending.i am not on mail for 2 days.will mail once thru.Respect mother at home.check mails.
spam,Guess what! Somebody you know secretly fancies you! Wanna find out who it is? Give us a call on 09065394514 From Landline DATEBox1282EssexCM61XN 150p/min 18
ham,I'm sorry. I've joined the league of people that dont keep in touch. You mean a great deal to me. You have been a friend at all times even at great personal cost. Do have a great week.|
ham,Hiya do u like the hlday pics looked horrible in them so took mo out! Hows the camp Amrca thing? Speak soon Serena:)
ham,I donno if they are scorable
ham,I thk 530 lor. But dunno can get tickets a not. Wat u doing now?
spam,"URGENT!! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or £5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TC s, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Cost£1.50/pm, Max10mins"
ham,Don know..he is watching film in computer..
ham,Long time. You remember me today.
ham,"Think i might have to give it a miss. Am teaching til twelve, then have lecture at two. Damn this working thing."
spam,"Urgent -call 09066649731from Landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or £10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150ppm 18+"
ham,Oh k :)why you got job then whats up?
ham,Yes i thought so. Thanks.
ham,"7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st ""Ur Lovely Friendship""... good morning dear"
ham,"Yalru lyfu astne chikku.. Bt innu mundhe lyf ali halla ke bilo (marriage)program edhae, so lyf is nt yet ovr chikku..ali vargu lyfu meow meow:-D"
ham,Yun ah.now ü wkg where?btw if ü go nus sc. Ü wana specialise in wad?
spam,"Oh my god! I've found your number again! I'm so glad, text me back xafter this msgs cst std ntwk chg £1.50"
ham,I not free today i haf 2 pick my parents up tonite...
ham,Omg it could snow here tonite!
ham,But i have to. I like to have love and arrange.
ham,"Piggy, r u awake? I bet u're still sleeping. I'm going 4 lunch now..."
ham,I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham,Omg I want to scream. I weighed myself and I lost more weight! Woohoo!
ham,Anything lor... U decide...
ham,"Yes, princess. Are you going to make me moan?"
ham,Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
ham,Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng
ham,"That's good, because I need drugs"
ham,So i asked how's anthony. Dad. And your bf
spam,from www.Applausestore.com MonthlySubscription@50p/msg max6/month T&CsC web age16 2stop txt stop
ham,"Awesome question with a cute answer: Someone asked a boy ""how is ur life?"" . . He smiled &amp; answered: . . ""She is fine!"" Gudnite"
ham,"Jay wants to work out first, how's 4 sound?"
ham,"Derp. Which is worse, a dude who always wants to party or a dude who files a complaint about the three drug abusers he lives with"
ham,No da. . Vijay going to talk in jaya tv
ham,So ü pay first lar... Then when is da stock comin...
ham,Just wanted to say holy shit you guys weren't kidding about this bud
ham,Or i go home first lar ü wait 4 me lor.. I put down my stuff first..
ham,Doesn't g have class early tomorrow and thus shouldn't be trying to smoke at  &lt;#&gt;
spam,Loans for any purpose even if you have Bad Credit! Tenants Welcome. Call NoWorriesLoans.com on 08717111821
spam,Ever thought about living a good life with a perfect partner? Just txt back NAME and AGE to join the mobile community. (100p/SMS)
ham,Macha dont feel upset.i can assume your mindset.believe me one evening with me and i have some wonderful plans for both of us.LET LIFE BEGIN AGAIN.call me anytime
ham,"Machan you go to gym tomorrow,  i wil come late goodnight."
ham,En chikku nange bakra msg kalstiya..then had tea/coffee?
spam,Jamster! To get your free wallpaper text HEART to 88888 now! T&C apply. 16 only. Need Help? Call 08701213186.
ham,Just sleeping..and surfing
spam,For sale - arsenal dartboard. Good condition but no doubles or trebles!
ham,"Cool, I'll text you in a few"
ham,Big brother‘s really scraped the barrel with this shower of social misfits
ham,No..he joined today itself.
ham,"That's cool, I'll come by like  &lt;#&gt; ish"
spam,100 dating service cal;l 09064012103 box334sk38ch
ham,Tomarrow final hearing on my laptop case so i cant.
ham,Jesus christ bitch I'm trying to give you drugs answer your fucking phone
ham,Of cos can lar i'm not so ba dao ok... 1 pm lor... Y u never ask where we go ah... I said u would ask on fri but he said u will ask today...
ham,Did you show him and wot did he say or could u not c him 4 dust?
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,R u saying i should re order the slippers cos i had to pay for returning it.
ham,"It‘s reassuring, in this crazy world."
ham,Think you sent the text to the home phone. That cant display texts. If you still want to send it his number is
ham,Lol ok ill try to send. Be warned Sprint is dead slow. You'll prolly get it tomorrow
ham,Wat makes u thk i'll fall down. But actually i thk i'm quite prone 2 falls. Lucky my dad at home i ask him come n fetch me already.
ham,I'll text you when I drop x off
ham,Cheers for the message Zogtorius. Ive been staring at my phone for an age deciding whether to text or not.
ham,Howz that persons story
ham,S:-)if we have one good partnership going we will take lead:)
ham,"Sez, hows u & de arab boy? Hope u r all good give my love 2 evry1 love ya eshxxxxxxxxxxx"
ham,I'm coming home 4 dinner.
ham,Dude got a haircut. Now its breezy up there
ham,K.k.this month kotees birthday know?
spam,Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL 09058091854 NOW all will be revealed. PO BOX385 M6 6WU
spam,PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07815296484 shows 800 un-redeemed S.I.M. points. Call 08718738001 Identifier Code 41782 Expires 18/11/04 
spam,"Gr8 Poly tones 4 ALL mobs direct 2u rply with POLY TITLE to 8007 eg POLY BREATHE1 Titles: CRAZYIN, SLEEPINGWITH, FINEST, YMCA :getzed.co.uk POBox365O4W45WQ 300p"
ham,"Ok., is any problem to u frm him? Wats matter?"
ham,To day class is there are no class.
ham,I probably won't eat at all today. I think I'm gonna pop. How was your weekend? Did u miss me?
ham,There are many company. Tell me the language.
ham,Tmr timin still da same wat cos i got lesson until 6...
ham,Yar... I tot u knew dis would happen long ago already.
ham,Yup. Wun believe wat? U really neva c e msg i sent shuhui?
ham,I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham,26th OF JULY
ham,"Nothing, i got msg frm tht unknown no.."
ham,"Carlos is down but I have to pick it up from him, so I'll swing by usf in a little bit"
ham,Yup ü not comin :-(
ham,"No I'm good for the movie, is it ok if I leave in an hourish?"
ham,In da car park 
ham,"Send ur birthdate with month and year, I will tel u ur LIFE PARTNER'S name. and the method of calculation. Reply must."
ham,10 min later k...
ham,U studying in sch or going home? Anyway i'll b going 2 sch later.
ham,"whatever, im pretty pissed off."
spam,FREE camera phones with linerental from 4.49/month with 750 cross ntwk mins. 1/2 price txt bundle deals also avble. Call 08001950382 or call2optout/J MF
ham,Hi Harish's rent has been transfred to ur Acnt.
ham,What's your room number again? Wanna make sure I'm knocking on the right door
ham,Arun can u transfr me d amt
ham,"OH YEAH,AND HAV A GREAT TIME IN NEWQUAY-SEND ME A POSTCARD !1 LOOK AFTER ALL THE GIRLS WHILE IM GONE(U KNOW THE 1IM TALKIN BOUT!)xx"
ham,No need lar. Jus testing e phone card. Dunno network not gd i thk. Me waiting 4 my sis 2 finish bathing so i can bathe. Dun disturb u liao u cleaning ur room.
ham,You are not bothering me but you have to trust my answers. Pls.
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
spam,We tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a video mobile 750 mins UNLIMITED TEXT + free camcorder Reply of call 08000930705 Now
ham,what I meant to say is cant wait to see u again getting bored of this bridgwater banter
ham,Yes just finished watching days of our lives. I love it.
spam,Babe: U want me dont u baby! Im nasty and have a thing 4 filthyguys. Fancy a rude time with a sexy bitch. How about we go slo n hard! Txt XXX SLO(4msgs)
ham,Ya! when are ü taking ure practical lessons? I start in june..  
ham,"Total disappointment, when I texted you was the craziest shit got :("
spam,"SPJanuary Male Sale! Hot Gay chat now cheaper, call 08709222922. National rate from 1.5p/min cheap to 7.8p/min peak! To stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)"
ham,Joy's father is John. Then John is the ____ of Joy's father. If u ans ths you hav  &lt;#&gt;  IQ. Tis s IAS question try to answer.
spam,Dear U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688 150p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18 yrs
ham,HIYA STU WOT U UP 2.IM IN SO MUCH TRUBLE AT HOME AT MOMENT EVONE HATES ME EVEN U! WOT THE HELL AV I DONE NOW? Y WONT U JUST TELL ME TEXT BCK PLEASE LUV DAN 
ham,No did you check? I got his detailed message now
ham,"Aight, lemme know what's up"
ham,Waiting in e car 4 my mum lor. U leh? Reach home already?
ham,Send his number and give reply tomorrow morning for why you said that to him like that ok
ham,Just curious because my cuz asked what I was up to
ham,Hi this is yijue... It's regarding the 3230 textbook it's intro to algorithms second edition... I'm selling it for $50...
ham,Are we doing the norm tomorrow? I finish just a 4.15 cos of st tests. Need to sort library stuff out at some point tomo - got letter from today - access til end march so i better get move on!
ham,Ok... But bag again..
ham,"Urgh, coach hot, smells of chip fat! Thanks again, especially for the duvet (not a predictive text word)."
spam,PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07753741225 shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203677 Identifier Code: 42478 Expires 24/10/04
ham,No calls..messages..missed calls
ham,* Was thinking about chuckin ur red green n black trainners 2 save carryin them bac on train
ham,"'An Amazing Quote'' - ""Sometimes in life its difficult to decide whats wrong!! a lie that brings a smile or the truth that brings a tear...."""
ham,Ryder unsold.now gibbs.
ham,Have a good evening! Ttyl
spam,Knock Knock Txt whose there to 80082 to enter r weekly draw 4 a £250 gift voucher 4 a store of yr choice. T&Cs www.tkls.com age16 to stoptxtstop£1.50/week
ham,No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
ham,No calls..messages..missed calls
ham,"A bit of Ur smile is my hppnss, a drop of Ur tear is my sorrow, a part of Ur heart is my life, a heart like mine wil care for U, forevr as my GOODFRIEND"
ham,"Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon ""A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt"
ham,Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
ham,"Princess, is your kitty shaved or natural?"
spam,ROMCAPspam Everyone around should be responding well to your presence since you are so warm and outgoing. You are bringing in a real breath of sunshine.
spam,"LookAtMe!: Thanks for your purchase of a video clip from LookAtMe!, you've been charged 35p. Think you can do better? Why not send a video in a MMSto 32323."
ham,How long does it take to get it.
spam,we tried to contact you re your response to our offer of a new nokia fone and camcorder hit reply or call 08000930705 for delivery
ham,Hope you are having a good week. Just checking in
ham,Go fool dont cheat others ok
spam,"Hi ya babe x u 4goten bout me?' scammers getting smart..Though this is a regular vodafone no, if you respond you get further prem rate msg/subscription. Other nos used also. Beware!"
ham,"Can you tell Shola to please go to college of medicine and visit the academic department, tell the academic secretary what the current situation is and ask if she can transfer there. She should ask someone to check Sagamu for the same thing and lautech. Its vital she completes her medical education in Nigeria. Its less expensive much less expensive. Unless she will be getting citizen rates in new zealand."
ham,What time should I tell my friend to be around?
ham,Ok can...
ham,Ok then u tell me wat time u coming later lor.
ham,"Depends on quality. If you want the type i sent boye, faded glory, then about 6. If you want ralphs maybe 2"
ham,C movie is juz last minute decision mah. Juz watch 2 lar but i tot ü not interested.
ham,Okie...
spam,Ur balance is now £500. Ur next question is: Who sang 'Uptown Girl' in the 80's ? 2 answer txt ur ANSWER to 83600. Good luck!
ham,"""HEY DAS COOL... IKNOW ALL 2 WELLDA PERIL OF STUDENTFINANCIAL CRISIS!SPK 2 U L8R."""
ham,Gudnite....tc...practice going on
ham,Sorry dude. Dont know how i forgot. Even after Dan reminded me. Sorry. Hope you guys had fun.
ham,Will it help if we propose going back again tomorrow
ham,I'm coming back on Thursday. Yay. Is it gonna be ok to get the money. Cheers. Oh yeah and how are you. Everything alright. Hows school. Or do you call it work now
ham,I am on the way to ur home
ham,"Hey doc pls I want to get nice t shirt for my hubby nice fiting ones my budget is  &lt;#&gt; k help pls I will load d card abi hw,keep me posted luv. 2 mj"
ham,Poor girl can't go one day lmao
ham,Okay. I've seen it. So i should pick it on friday?
ham,I dont know exactly could you ask chechi.
ham,Once free call me sir. I am waiting for you.
ham,"Hello, my love. What are you doing? Did you get to that interview today? Are you you happy? Are you being a good boy? Do you think of me?Are you missing me ?"
ham,"Hello, yeah i've just got out of the bath and need to do my hair so i'll come up when i'm done, yeah?"
ham,Hows the champ just leaving glasgow!
ham,"Yo, I'm at my parents' gettin cash. Good news: we picked up a downstem"
spam,Save money on wedding lingerie at www.bridal.petticoatdreams.co.uk Choose from a superb selection with national delivery. Brought to you by WeddingFriend
ham,No no:)this is kallis home ground.amla home town is durban:)
spam,Free video camera phones with Half Price line rental for 12 mths and 500 cross ntwk mins 100 txts. Call MobileUpd8 08001950382 or Call2OptOut/674&
ham,Hey check it da. I have listed da.
ham,The Xmas story is peace.. The Xmas msg is love.. The Xmas miracle is jesus.. Hav a blessed month ahead &amp; wish U Merry Xmas...
ham,You do what all you like
ham,See? I thought it all through
ham,Why she wants to talk to me
ham,Oops I was in the shower when u called. Hey a parking garage collapsed at university hospital. See I'm not crazy. Stuff like that DOES happen.
ham,"Just dropped em off, omw back now"
ham,I dunno until when... Lets go learn pilates...
spam,You have won a guaranteed 32000 award or maybe even £1000 cash to claim ur award call free on 0800 ..... (18+). Its a legitimat efreefone number wat do u think???
ham,I jokin oni lar.. Ü busy then i wun disturb ü.
spam,(Bank of Granite issues Strong-Buy) EXPLOSIVE PICK FOR OUR MEMBERS *****UP OVER 300% *********** Nasdaq Symbol CDGT That is a $5.00 per..
ham,Pls send me your address sir.
ham,Mind blastin.. No more Tsunamis will occur from now on.. Rajnikant stopped swimming in Indian Ocean..:-D
ham,"I'll text carlos and let you know, hang on"
ham,No probs hon! How u doinat the mo?
ham,I will come to ur home now
spam,"Congrats! 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09061744553 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, Dload polyH music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150pm"
ham,"Almost there, see u in a sec"
ham,Now got tv 2 watch meh? U no work today?
ham,PLEASSSSSSSEEEEEE TEL ME V AVENT DONE SPORTSx
ham,Yo sorry was in the shower sup
ham,Aaooooright are you at work?
ham,Hurt me... Tease me... Make me cry... But in the end of my life when i die plz keep one rose on my grave and say STUPID I MISS U.. HAVE A NICE DAY BSLVYL
ham,Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
ham,Ok. How many should i buy.
ham,Roger that. We‘re probably going to rem in about 20
ham,Oic... I saw him too but i tot he din c me... I found a group liao...
spam,Urgent Ur £500 guaranteed award is still unclaimed! Call 09066368327 NOW closingdate04/09/02 claimcode M39M51 £1.50pmmorefrommobile2Bremoved-MobyPOBox734LS27YF
spam,Natalie (20/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-165 or NO-165 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/natalie2k9 STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
spam,Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr to 82277. £1.50 SP:Tyrone
ham,Misplaced your number and was sending texts to your old number. Wondering why i've not heard from you this year. All the best in your mcat. Got this number from my atlanta friends
ham,May b approve panalam...but it should have more posts..
ham,* Thought I didn't see you.
ham,I am going to sleep. I am tired of travel.
spam,"You are a £1000 winner or Guaranteed Caller Prize, this is our Final attempt to contact you! To Claim Call 09071517866 Now! 150ppmPOBox10183BhamB64XE"
ham,Ok thanx...
ham,"Short But Cute: ""Be a good person, but dont try to prove it.."" .Gud noon...."
ham,What was she looking for?
spam,Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country Liverpool played in mid week? Txt ansr to 82277. £1.50 SP:Tyrone
ham,Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
ham,No. Did you multimedia message them or e-mail?
spam,"Urgent! call 09066350750 from your landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or 10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150 ppm 18+"
ham,Ummma.will call after check in.our life will begin from qatar so pls pray very hard.
spam,"Today's Offer! Claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs 08717898035. £3.00 Sub. 16 . Unsub reply X"
ham,Fuck babe ... What happened to you ? How come you never came back?
ham,I tagged MY friends that you seemed to count as YOUR friends.
ham,I dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
ham,Its sunny in california. The weather's just cool
ham,Yeah jay's sort of a fucking retard
ham,5 nights...We nt staying at port step liao...Too ex
ham,Are you at work right now ?
ham,I will see in half an hour
ham,"It's not that you make me cry. It's just that when all our stuff happens on top of everything else, it pushes me over the edge. You don't underdtand how often i cry over my sorry, sorry life."
ham,"Sorry man my account's dry or I would, if you want we could trade back half or I could buy some shit with my credit card"
ham,"I'm eatin now lor, but goin back to work soon... E mountain deer show huh... I watch b4 liao, very nice..."
spam,"SMS SERVICES. for your inclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= 3qxj9 unsubscribe with STOP, no extra charge. help 08702840625.COMUK. 220-CM2 9AE"
ham,Friends that u can stay on fb chat with
ham,You know what hook up means right?
ham,"K.. I yan jiu liao... Sat we can go 4 bugis vill one frm 10 to 3 den hop to parco 4 nb. Sun can go cine frm 1030 to 2, den hop to orc mrt 4 hip hop at 4..."
ham,Ok Chinese food on its way. When I get fat you're paying for my lipo.
ham,Tell your friends what you plan to do on Valentines day @ &lt;URL&gt;
ham,Usually the person is unconscious that's in children but in adults they may just behave abnormally. I.ll call you now
ham,I can ask around but there's not a lot in terms of mids up here
ham,"Did he say how fantastic I am by any chance, or anything need a bigger life lift as losing the will 2 live, do you think I would be the first person 2 die from N V Q? "
ham,"Tee hee. Off to lecture, cheery bye bye."
spam,Customer Loyalty Offer:The NEW Nokia6650 Mobile from ONLY £10 at TXTAUCTION! Txt word: START to No: 81151 & get yours Now! 4T&Ctxt TC 150p/MTmsg
ham,Message from . I am at Truro Hospital on ext. You can phone me here. as I have a phone by my side
ham,Yup i've finished c ü there...
ham,Hi. Happy New Year. I dont mean to intrude but can you pls let me know how much tuition you paid last semester and how much this semester is. Thanks
ham,I love to wine and dine my lady!
ham,Will do. Have a good day
ham,Yeah he got in at 2 and was v apologetic. n had fallen out and she was actin like spoilt child and he got caught up in that. Till 2! But we won't go there! Not doing too badly cheers. You? 
spam,Hi 07734396839 IBH Customer Loyalty Offer: The NEW NOKIA6600 Mobile from ONLY £10 at TXTAUCTION!Txt word:START to No:81151 & get Yours Now!4T&
spam,"Hi this is Amy, we will be sending you a free phone number in a couple of days, which will give you an access to all the adult parties..."
ham,"Hello, As per request from  &lt;#&gt;  Rs.5 has been transfered to you"
ham,In sch but neva mind u eat 1st lor..
ham,A bloo bloo bloo I'll miss the first bowl
ham,Oh yeah! And my diet just flew out the window
ham,Ok... Take ur time n enjoy ur dinner...
ham,Wishing you a wonderful week.
ham,Thanx 4 e brownie it's v nice...
ham,See the forwarding message for proof
ham,Teach me apps da. When you come to college.
ham,Understand. his loss is my gain :) so do you work? School?
ham,I told that am coming on wednesday.
ham,Hmm thinking lor...
spam,okmail: Dear Dave this is your final notice to collect your 4* Tenerife Holiday or #5000 CASH award! Call 09061743806 from landline. TCs SAE Box326 CW25WX 150ppm
spam,"For your chance to WIN a FREE Bluetooth Headset then simply reply back with ""ADP"""
ham,Probably earlier than that if the station's where I think it is
spam,You have won a Nokia 7250i. This is what you get when you win our FREE auction. To take part send Nokia to 86021 now. HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1JHL 16+
ham,2 and half years i missed your friendship:-)
ham,"Aight I've been set free, think you could text me blake's address? It occurs to me I'm not quite as sure what I'm doing as I thought I was"
ham,I will cme i want to go to hos 2morow. After that i wil cme. This what i got from her dear what to do. She didnt say any time
ham,Its going good...no problem..but still need little experience to understand american customer voice...
spam,sexy sexy cum and text me im wet and warm and ready for some porn! u up for some fun? THIS MSG IS FREE RECD MSGS 150P INC VAT 2 CANCEL TEXT STOP
ham,Yes ammae....life takes lot of turns you can only sit and try to hold the steering...
ham,Every day i use to sleep after  &lt;#&gt;  so only.
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Is it your yahoo boys that bring in the perf? Or legal.
ham,Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
ham,Thts god's gift for birds as humans hav some natural gift frm god..
ham,"Come around  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; pm vikky..i'm otside nw, il come by tht time"
ham,Company is very good.environment is terrific and food is really nice:)
ham,Did you try making another butt.
spam,December only! Had your mobile 11mths+? You are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986906 
ham,"Jay told me already, will do"
ham,HARD BUT TRUE: How much you show &amp;  express your love to someone....that much it will hurt when they leave you or you get seperated...!鈥┾??〨ud evening...
ham,Oh baby of the house. How come you dont have any new pictures on facebook
ham,How will I creep on you now? ;_;
ham,"Thanks again for your reply today. When is ur visa coming in. And r u still buying the gucci and bags. My sister things are not easy, uncle john also has his own bills so i really need to think about how to make my own money. Later sha."
ham,Re your call; You didn't see my facebook huh?
ham,Most of the tiime when i don't let you hug me it's so i don't break into tears.
ham,Hey!!! I almost forgot ... Happy B-day babe ! I love ya!!
ham,Sitting in mu waiting for everyone to get out of my suite so I can take a shower
spam,We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of a Video Phone 750 anytime any network mins Half Price Line Rental Camcorder Reply or call 08000930705
ham,Y bishan lei... I tot ü say lavender? 
ham,"Good afternoon, babe. How goes that day ? Any job prospects yet ? I miss you, my love ... *sighs* ... :-("
ham,Yes princess! I want to catch you with my big strong hands...
spam,"URGENT! Your Mobile No was awarded a £2,000 Bonus Caller Prize on 1/08/03! This is our 2nd attempt to contact YOU! Call 0871-4719-523 BOX95QU BT National Rate"
ham,"Well am officially in a philosophical hole, so if u wanna call am at home ready to be saved!"
ham,"Alright omw, gotta change my order to a half8th"
ham,Its too late:)but its k.wish you the same.
ham,What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
ham,"A swt thought: ""Nver get tired of doing little things 4 lovable persons.."" Coz..somtimes those little things occupy d biggest part in their Hearts.. Gud ni8"
spam,You are a winner you have been specially selected to receive £1000 cash or a £2000 award. Speak to a live operator to claim call 087147123779am-7pm. Cost 10p
ham,"Sir, waiting for your letter."
ham,Hi i won't b ard 4 christmas. But do enjoy n merry x'mas.
ham,Thanx...
ham,Yup i thk cine is better cos no need 2 go down 2 plaza mah.
ham,Hi! This is Roger from CL. How are you?
ham,Where at were hungry too
ham,"Hi. Wk been ok - on hols now! Yes on for a bit of a run. Forgot that i have hairdressers appointment at four so need to get home n shower beforehand. Does that cause prob for u?"""
ham,Sorry i've not gone to that place. I.ll do so tomorrow. Really sorry.
ham,Crucify is c not s. You should have told me earlier.
ham,"Okey doke. I'm at home, but not dressed cos laying around ill! Speak to you later bout times and stuff. "
ham,They will pick up and drop in car.so no problem..
ham,Yes. Rent is very expensive so its the way we save.
ham,Pls help me tell Ashley that i cant find her number oh
ham,New car and house for my parents.:)i have only new job in hand:)
ham,"Today is ""song dedicated day.."" Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me..."
ham,I'm home. Doc gave me pain meds says everything is fine.
ham,We walked from my moms. Right on stagwood pass right on winterstone left on victors hill. Address is &lt;#&gt;
ham,Am watching house – very entertaining – am getting the whole hugh laurie thing – even with the stick – indeed especially with the stick.
ham,But you were together so you should be thinkin about him
ham,"Hey babe, sorry i didn't get sooner. Gary can come and fix it cause he thinks he knows what it is but he doesn't go as far a Ptbo and he says it will cost  &lt;#&gt;  bucks. I don't know if it might be cheaper to find someone there ? We don't have any second hand machines at all right now, let me know what you want to do babe"
spam,Your unique user ID is 1172. For removal send STOP to 87239 customer services 08708034412
ham,I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
ham,You also didnt get na hi hi hi hi hi
ham,Hey hun-onbus goin 2 meet him. He wants 2go out 4a meal but I donyt feel like it cuz have 2 get last bus home!But hes sweet latelyxxx
ham,Hello which the site to download songs its urgent pls
ham,"Especially since i talk about boston all up in my personal statement, lol! I woulda changed that if i had realized it said nyc! It says boston now."
ham,Exactly. Anyways how far. Is jide her to study or just visiting
ham,"Fuck babe ... I miss you already, you know ? Can't you let me send you some money towards your net ? I need you ... I want you ... I crave you ..."
ham,Nothing lor... A bit bored too... Then y dun u go home early 2 sleep today...
ham,I am going to sao mu today. Will be done only at 12 
ham,Yes i think so. I am in office but my lap is in room i think thats on for the last few days. I didnt shut that down
spam,Thanks for your subscription to Ringtone UK your mobile will be charged £5/month Please confirm by replying YES or NO. If you reply NO you will not be charged
ham,I like dis sweater fr mango but no more my size already so irritating.
ham,O. Well uv causes mutations. Sunscreen is like essential thesedays
ham,Ok...
ham,Leaving to qatar tonite in search of an opportunity.all went fast.pls add me in ur prayers dear.Rakhesh
ham,I emailed yifeng my part oredi.. Can ü get it fr him..
ham,"House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  &lt;#&gt; th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?"
ham,I'll let you know when it kicks in
ham,U say leh... Of course nothing happen lar. Not say v romantic jus a bit only lor. I thk e nite scenery not so nice leh.
ham,Hey... are you going to quit soon? Xuhui and i working till end of the month 
spam,Bought one ringtone and now getting texts costing 3 pound offering more tones etc
ham,K. I will sent it again
ham,"I av a new number,  . Wil u only use this one,ta."
ham,What * u wearing?
spam,Send a logo 2 ur lover - 2 names joined by a heart. Txt LOVE NAME1 NAME2 MOBNO eg LOVE ADAM EVE 07123456789 to 87077 Yahoo! POBox36504W45WQ TxtNO 4 no ads 150p
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Hmm ill have to think about it... ok you're forgiven! =D
ham,He says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
ham,Ok lor...
ham,No it will reach by 9 only. She telling she will be there. I dont know
ham,"Same, I'm at my great aunts anniversary party in tarpon springs"
ham,Can help u swoop by picking u up from wherever ur other birds r meeting if u want.
ham,I want to be inside you every night...
ham,Have you heard from this week?
ham,"Im cool ta luv but v.tired 2 cause i have been doin loads of planning all wk, we have got our social services inspection at the nursery! Take care & spk sn x."
ham,"Hi, wlcome back, did wonder if you got eaten by a lion or something, nothing much"
ham,You are right. Meanwhile how's project twins comin up
ham,Are you available for soiree on June 3rd?
ham,I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
ham,K..k:)how much does it cost?
ham,MY NO. IN LUTON 0125698789 RING ME IF UR AROUND! H*
ham,"Cant believe i said so many things to you this morning when all i really wanted to say was good morning, i love you! Have a beautiful morning. See you in the library later."
ham,I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham,I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham,Wylie update: my weed dealer carlos went to freedom and had a class with lunsford
ham,Wish u many many returns of the day.. Happy birthday vikky..
spam,"Our dating service has been asked 2 contact U by someone shy! CALL 09058091870 NOW all will be revealed. POBox84, M26 3UZ 150p"
ham,I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
spam,todays vodafone numbers ending with 0089(my last four digits) are selected to received a £350 award. If your number matches please call 09063442151 to claim your £350 award
ham,"sorry brah, just finished the last of my exams, what up"
spam,"Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?"
ham,Carlos says we can pick up from him later so yeah we're set
ham,Hi baby ive just got back from work and i was wanting to see u allday! I hope i didnt piss u off on the phone today. If u are up give me a call xxx
ham, &lt;#&gt;  in mca. But not conform.
spam,More people are dogging in your area now. Call 09090204448 and join like minded guys. Why not arrange 1 yourself. There's 1 this evening. A£1.50 minAPN LS278BB
spam,Great NEW Offer - DOUBLE Mins & DOUBLE Txt on best Orange tariffs AND get latest camera phones 4 FREE! Call MobileUpd8 free on 08000839402 NOW! or 2stoptxt T&Cs
ham,Hello boytoy ! Geeee ... I'm missing you today. I like to send you a tm and remind you I'm thinking of you ... And you are loved ... *loving kiss*
spam,"HOT LIVE FANTASIES call now 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870..k"
ham,"God picked up a flower and dippeditinaDEW, lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u, and the he gifted tomeandsaid,THIS FRIEND IS 4U"
ham,Yeah you should. I think you can use your gt atm now to register. Not sure but if there's anyway i can help let me know. But when you do be sure you are ready.
ham,S:)s.nervous  &lt;#&gt; :)
spam,UR GOING 2 BAHAMAS! CallFREEFONE 08081560665 and speak to a live operator to claim either Bahamas cruise of£2000 CASH 18+only. To opt out txt X to 07786200117
ham,I dont know what to do to come out of this so only am ask questions like this dont mistake me.
ham,That depends. How would you like to be treated? :)
ham,"aight we can pick some up, you open before tonight?"
ham,I dled 3d its very imp
spam,Free Msg: Ringtone!From: http://tms. widelive.com/index. wml?id=1b6a5ecef91ff9*37819&first=true18:0430-JUL-05
ham,Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
ham,tap & spile at seven. * Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal. Ok?
spam,You have an important customer service announcement. Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0825 now!
ham,"Kate jackson rec center before 7ish, right?"
ham,Nice.nice.how is it working?
ham,"I'll see, but prolly yeah"
ham,Howz that persons story
ham,Ahhh. Work. I vaguely remember that! What does it feel like? Lol
ham,Oooh bed ridden ey? What are YOU thinking of?
ham,Hey they r not watching movie tonight so i'll prob b home early...
ham,Hurt me... Tease me... Make me cry... But in the end of my life when i die plz keep one rose on my grave and say STUPID I MISS U.. HAVE A NICE DAY BSLVYL
ham,"idc get over here, you are not weaseling your way out of this shit twice in a row"
ham,When are you guys leaving?
ham,"By the way, 'rencontre' is to meet again. Mountains dont...."
ham,"A Boy loved a gal. He propsd bt she didnt mind. He gv lv lttrs, Bt her frnds threw thm. Again d boy decided 2 aproach d gal , dt time a truck was speeding towards d gal. Wn it was about 2 hit d girl,d boy ran like hell n saved her. She asked 'hw cn u run so fast?' D boy replied ""Boost is d secret of my energy"" n instantly d girl shouted ""our energy"" n Thy lived happily 2gthr drinking boost evrydy Moral of d story:- I hv free msgs:D;): gud ni8"
spam,Buy Space Invaders 4 a chance 2 win orig Arcade Game console. Press 0 for Games Arcade (std WAP charge) See o2.co.uk/games 4 Terms + settings. No purchase
ham,Just buy a pizza. Meat lovers or supreme. U get to pick.
ham,"Very hurting n meaningful lines ever: ""I compromised everything for my love, But at d end my love compromised me for everything:-("".. Gud mornin:-)"
ham,Jus finished avatar nigro
ham,Sleeping nt feeling well
ham,"""Are you comingdown later?"""
ham,"I wasn't well babe, i have swollen glands at my throat ... What did you end up doing ?"
ham,K:)k.are you in college?
ham,I wont. So wat's wit the guys
ham,Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
ham,Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
ham,If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
ham,No problem. Talk to you later
ham,Ok i thk i got it. Then u wan me 2 come now or wat?
ham,The basket's gettin full so I might be by tonight
ham,You call him now ok i said call him
ham,"Now u sound like manky scouse boy steve,like! I is travelling on da bus home.wot has u inmind 4 recreation dis eve?"
ham,S:)8 min to go for lunch:)
spam,4mths half price Orange line rental & latest camera phones 4 FREE. Had your phone 11mths ? Call MobilesDirect free on 08000938767 to update now! or2stoptxt
